the long-term marketing tactic that you
need to start focusing on i have tried
literally most marketing strategies that
you can think of from sponsoring sports
themes to television ads from every form
of digital marketing you name it i've
probably tried it what's funny is small
companies always miss one big strategy
that large corporations tend to use and
what's really funny is it drives a large
chunk of the revenue for these big
companies but for some rare reason
startups and even mid-sized companies
don't leverage it can you guess what it
is
it's
partnerships just think of it this way
there are other companies that already
have your ideal customer and you already
have their ideal customer for example i
own an ad agency called np digital we
offer all forms of digital marketing
services now we partner with design
agencies that build websites for large
corporations
we at np digital don't build websites
and these design agencies that we
partner with don't offer marketing
some of our clients would be a great fit
for the design agency that we partnered
with and some of their clients would be
a great fit for us do you see how that
partnership is mutually beneficial it
takes a long time to get partnerships
going and you should have someone
ideally dedicated to it but it works
really well especially if you're
partnering with companies that have
amazing product or service when they
make a recommendation their customers
are more likely to follow through on it
because they trust them and value their
opinion plus you in essence are getting
free marketing to your ideal customer
whether they sign up with you or not so
how do you make partnerships work for
your business
first add a partnerships page to your
website let people know that you're
accepting partners this way you can
promote them and you should require that
they promote you on their website too
second
you want partnerships that are mutually
beneficial if both companies can drive
revenue to each other they are likely to
help one another out if they can't be
mutual what you'll find is they won't
really drive you any revenue you won't
drive them much revenue or if one of you
drives revenue it won't last for the
long run third provide each other with
presentations documentations and support
to help drive revenue to one and another
remember
a partnership usually requires a double
sell that means you have to sell twice
once to the company that you want to
partner with and then they have to sell
to their customers on paying you and the
same goes with you do you see how that's
a double sell so if you don't provide
them with the right documentation when
they're selling on your behalf they may
not do a good job closing that's why you
need to give them all the ammo that they
need
fourth you have to maintain your
relationship with that partner if you
don't you'll find that nothing will
happen or if it's generating revenue
eventually it'll die down the easiest
way to maintain them is continue to try
and send them more business and follow
up with calls and emails and see if
there's any other things that you can do
to help them out for example we recently
ran a webinar with wp engine they
promoted it to their audience and we did
the same it was mutually beneficial in
addition to just sending customers to
each other
last but not least don't expect great
results from a partner program in one
year or even two years it moves super
slow like seo but after three or even
four years you'll find that a large
chunk of revenue comes from partners
usually not one partner but instead a
small amount of revenue comes from each
partner and some partners won't drive
you much at all but it's a numbers game
and when you add it all up it tends to
be a lot of money
if you want to partner with us feel free
to email us at john h
npxl.com if you have any questions leave
a comment below enjoy the video like it
share it tell people about it thank you
very much and i hope you have a
wonderful day